Hi, guys.
Welcome.
So I feel I needed to emit this video.
Okay, so in this lecture, revenue called this function called fetch bird.
Okay, well, before then, what we can simply do is in of this, we can just get rid of this and as
we'll see element.
Darts gets and this is going to be a prize.
Okay.
And that.
This is going to be elements.
Dance.
Gets.
Quantity aren't.
Like I've said, you're going to need to make sure what you have is the same thing as what you're going
to be.
Pass them to you as you're going to get a busted area.
Okay.
Is this?
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing to do is, is to call this function, and we're just gonna call this function in
the whole file.
So wherever you've had it before, you can just get rid of it.
I think in the last lecture we added it in the feeds products.
I think the fields.
Fields predicts you can just get rid of that.
Okay, Glasgow, get rid of these very buses.
You can see we did not we did not actually videos of it.
Okay.
And as well we called it and fine because it's in the design for each item.
So what you can just do is can get rid of that first and.
You can just go directly to the home screen.
And just call it so we don't have duplicate products.
Okay.
So all we can do is we can just copy that.
We have in the fields.
She's for that.
Okay, copy this.
But this is a four dots provider class, right?
Okay.
So you're going to need to have access to that function, which we just created.
So we're going to need to go back to the home screen.
And so with ten year in college, you have to impart.
Okay.
And will they?
You can't just simply copy the dribble.
And.
And then the dots had three dots.
That.
Thanks, that you can just get rid of this additional doubt and then had your child come out up is not
currently you can see we are fetching from the Eton.
That's right so you're going to need to change us to network image.
So over here.
Okay.
Sorry.
In the cards screen.
Right.
You can see you're going to need to change your eyes to network image and it's going to do that.
Yes, we have assets made.
Right.
So you can see.
Let's walk.
Image.
Okay.
Right.
As well.
You will need to do that for the detail page.
Over a year ago I need to say network work.
Right.
Okay.
And.
Of here.
We're going to get rid of this.
Sorry for that.
Okay.
And.
The cats are tame as well.
You're going to see network image.
Right, because currently we are not searching from the Internet.
Okay.
And as well, the fields they have designed for each products because they need to say network.
Image rights.
Okay.
I think look over here.
You're going to need to see network image.
You're to change from that set to the image.
Okay.
And.
Over your face with us everywhere.
We are using the assets of good if the changes to the network image.
Okay, now let's use contra.
So let's restart in order to save those unsaved files.
And.
Okay.
Now, for the now, as you can see, we just have the two products which we have in the database.
Now, what you're going to look for is the right phi to call all this.
You can see currently it is only available in the screen.
We need to go to the screen before it's going to be available in the home screen.
So what we need to do is to look for it.
Now you can see.
It is.
I didn't walk her down to eat a cake and see.
Okay.
So in this lecture, we're going to solve this error.
Okay, I got this again.
You're going to see he's going to duplicate it again.
Okay.
So in this lecture, which is going to solve this error.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.